
# Employee Management System

We are consuming the details from REST API in window application and performinmg the CRUD operation .


## Restful service

#### Get all API

https://gorest.co.in


| Parameter | Type     | Description                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `api_key` | `fa114107311259f5f33e70a5d85de34a2499b4401da069af0b1d835cd5ec0d56` | **Required**. API key |

#### Get item

```https://gorest.co.in
  GET/public/v2/users :list all users

  GET/public/v2/users/id :return details of the single user

  GET/public/v2/users?Name :return single users according to name

  GET/public/v2/users :list all users

  POST/public/v2/users :create users

  PUT/public/v2/users/id : update the user

  DELETE/public/v2/users/id : delete the user




## Acknowledgements

We have creted a one window application and this application consumning the REST api service and performing POST ,GET ,PUT ,DELETE operation as per requirement .

In this application we have creted few section.

Section 1- Create and Update

CREATE -

In this section we will pass below details and click on POST button then new recore will create with in autogenerated id.

like- 
Name     Jim
Email    jim@mail.com
Gender   male
Status   active

UPDATE -

If we want update recored for any user then we need to pass user details along with user id.

like- 
Name     Jim Cross
Email    jim@mail.com
Gender   male
Status   active
Id       246849

Section 2 (User List)

If we want to get all user dfetails the we will have to click on GetAllUser button.

Section 3 (Search By Id)

like- 
GET(Id)

If we want to get particular user as per user id then we will have to pass user id and then click on Get button under the same section.

like- 
Id  246849 

DELETE(Id)

If we want to delete particular user then we will have to pass user id and then click on Delete button under the same section.

like- 
Id  246849 

Section 4(Search By Name)

If we want to serach user as per name than we will have to pass user name in text box and then click on GET button unser same section.

like- 
Name Deepak


## Authors

- [@octokatherine](https://www.github.com/octokatherine)

Name - Diwakar Mishra
Email Id- diwakar.mishra3@tcs.com

I have added two solution in  GitHub 

1- EMS application
2- EMS Unit tset application

https://github.com/mishradiwakar/EMS.git

https://github.com/mishradiwakar/EMSUnitTest.git
## Skills

We have used this below skill for this application.

Visual Studio -2022
Window C#

